being a street dog isn't so bad at all
he's a champ I'm free to be whoever I
wanna be walk wherever I want to walk
hey hi are you two UH twins I'm our
husband pal
ah ha eat whatever I want to keep he's a
champ you know what fine
[Applause]
just remember I got this the
old-fashioned way
I stole it
[Music]
snob hell there we go I got my color let
me just take a little guess here you're
the center of your peoples universe
right you could say that your family is
just about perfect
don't don't please well ladies that's
basically all over now you're about to
be replaced
replace me I don't think so
lady this is Lulu
when the baby moves in the dog moves out
[Music]
help me get this thing off I'm sorry
this is not awkward at all
this way totally safe I'm not gonna do
that
keep it crazy you don't know that happen
[Music]
what is this place
then a great big world out there
with no fence around it
[Music]
every day could be an adventure
you
[Music]